Website: Revive `AppHeader` and `AppSideNav` docs (#2841)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/layouts/app-frame/partials/code/how-to-use.md

> The `AppFrame::Main` child component includes a default `id` with the value `hds-main` on the HTML `<main>` element it renders. This serves as a target for the `hasA11yRefocus` feature skip link which is built into the [`SideNav`](/components/side-nav?tab=code#side-nav) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AppFrame::Main` child component includes a default `id` with the value `hds-main` on the HTML `<main>` element it renders. This serves as a target for the `hasA11yRefocus` feature skip link which is built into the [`AppSideNav`](/components/app-side-nav?tab=code#side-nav) component.
```
[Question] Should we update all references to the SideNav on this page to the AppSideNav? There are a couple others references to it in the component API.

Author: Ahh.. I should update this one bc the skip link is built into the AppHeader now.

Author: Updated.
